refactor: new CLI commands documentation (#413)
NodeSecure/cli: docs/cli/cwd.md

# 📂 Command `cwd`

> The `cwd` command allows you to scan the project located in the current working directory using the strategies defined by the tool. This command is useful for analyzing the security of a Node.js project by inspecting the dependencies installed locally in the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cwd` command scans the project in the current working directory using the `package.json` and `package-lock.json` files, and stores the analysis results in a JSON file. You can then share this JSON or explore it in the WebUI using the `open` command.
```
